Adds insert key for relay script (#45)
PureStake/moonbeam: scripts/README.md

## Running Relay nodes

> You can run up to 3 relay nodes with this script (which runs the docker image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run up to 3 relay chain validators with this script. We use the `purestake/moonbase-relay-testnet` docker image for validators. Currently this image is manually published from commit (TODO), but this will change in the future.
```

Probably worth documenting _which_ docker image.
